d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.pdb
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.pdb
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.pdb
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Mono.Math.dll
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Mono.Math.xml
D:\git\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.pdb
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.dll
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.pdb
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.pdb
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.dll
C:\Users\Kassy\Desktop\ludus sunday3\Ludus\Ludus\obj\Debug\Ludus.pdb
C:\Users\Thomas\Documents\GitHub\Ludus\Ludus\bin\Ludus.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
